{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs28\lang9 INTEGRATION TESTING ON THE FOLLOWING WEB APPLICATIONS\par
\fs24 REALTIME EXAMPLE-PAYTM\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 TEST SCENARIOS:\par
\b0\fs22 1. LOGIN AS USER A WITH THE FOLLOWING CREDENTIALS SEND THE MONEY TO\par
USER B. LOGIN AS USER B CLICK ON THE BALANCE HISTORY CHECK THE\par
TRANSACTION WAS SUCCESFULLY DONE OR NOT.\par
2. CLICK ON THE BANK BALANCE CHECK THE BALANCE BY ENTERING THE\par
FOLOWING CREDENTIALS AND ALSO CHECK THE BALANCE WAS DEDUCTED\par
FROM THE USER A BANK ACCOUNT OR NOT.\par
3. USER A COMPLETES A PAYMENT. TRANSACTION DETAILS ARE UPDATED IN THE\par
TRANSACTION DATABASE, AND A CONFIRMATION IS SENT TO THE USER\par
INTERFACE OR NOT.\par
4. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE SCAN & PAY OPTION SCAN THE QR CHECK THE\par
USER B BANK INFORMATION IS VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
5. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE \ldblquote TO MOBILE OR CONTACT\rdblquote  OPTION SEARCH THE\par
USER B MOBILE NUMBER CHECK THE DETAILS OF THE USER B VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
6. LOG IN AS USER A CHECK ALL THE COMPONENTS OF THE PAYTM IS VISIBLE OR\par
NOT.\par
7. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE \ldblquote TO BANK OR SELF A/C\rdblquote  CHECK ANOTHER PAGE\par
IS VISIBLE WITH THE FOLOWING COMPONENT OR NOT.\par
8. CLICK ON THE ENTER BANK A/C DETAILS ENTER THE BANK DETAILS AND\par
PERFORM THE TRANSACTION CHECK THE MONEY WAS DEDUCTED OR NOT.\par
9. CLICK ON THE OTHER COMPONENT \ldblquote TO SELF ACCOUNT\rdblquote  CHECK THE PAGE FOR TO\par
SELF TRANSFER PAGE IS VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
10. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE \ldblquote ENTER MOBILE/UPI NUMBER\rdblquote  COMPONENT\par
CHECK BY ENTERING THE UPI NUMBER CHECK THE DETAILS OF USER B IS\par
VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
11. AFTER THE DETAILS TRANSFER THE MONEY TO THE USER B AND CHECK THE\par
MONEY IS DEDUCTED FROM THE USER A ACCOUNT OR NOT.\par
12. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE ENTER UPI ID OF ANY UPI APP COMPONENT\par
ENTER THE UPI ID OF USER B CHECK ALL THE DETAILS OF USER B IS VISIBLE OR\par
NOT.\par
13. AFTER THIS TRANSFER THE MONEY TO THE USER B AND CHECK THE MONEY WAS\par
DEDUCTED OR NOT, LOGIN AS USER B CHECK THE MONEY IS ADDED IN THE USER\par
B ACCOUNT OR NOT.\par
14. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE BALANCE & HISTORY CLICK ON THE SAVING\par
ACCOUNT CHECK BALANCE ENTER THE UPI ID OF USER A CHECK THE BALANCE IS\par
FETCHING OUT OR NOT.\par
15. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON THE BALANCE & HISTORY SCROLL UP THE PAGE AND\par
CHECK ALL THE HISTORY IS VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
16. LOGIN AS USER A CLICK ON BANK AND ENTER THE FOLOWING PASSCODE OF\par
USER A CHECK THE PAYTM PAYMENT BANK DETAILS ARE VISIBLE OR NOT.\par
17. USER A COMPLETES A PAYMENT. TRANSACTION DETAILS ARE UPDATED IN THE\par
TRANSACTION DATABASE, AND A CONFIRMATION IS SENT TO THE USER\par
INTERFACE.\par
18. USER B REQUESTS A REFUND FOR A TRANSACTION. THE REFUND REQUEST IS\par
PROCESSED BY THE PAYMENT MODULE, AND TRANSACTION RECORDS ARE\par
UPDATED ACCORDINGLY.\par
19. USER A INITIATES A PASSWORD CHANGE. THE PASSWORD CHANGE REQUEST IS\par
PROCESSED, AND THE UPDATED PASSWORD IS STORED SECURELY IN THE USER\par
DATABASE.\par
20. USER B REQUESTS A PASSWORD RESET. THE PASSWORD RESET REQUEST\par
TRIGGERS AN EMAIL WITH A SECURE LINK, AND THE NEW PASSWORD IS\par
SECURELY UPDATED IN THE USER DATABASE.\par
21. USER A MODIFIES PROFILE INFORMATION (ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER). PROFILE\par
UPDATES ARE SENT TO THE USER PROFILE MANAGEMENT MODULE AND STORED\par
IN THE USER DATABASE.\par
22. USER B LINKS A SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNT TO THE PAYTM PROFILE. SOCIAL MEDIA\par
LINKAGE DETAILS ARE PROCESSED AND SECURELY INTEGRATED INTO THE USER\par
PROFILE.\par
23. ADMIN GRANTS SPECIFIC ACCESS RIGHTS TO USER A. ACCESS CONTROL DETAILS\par
ARE UPDATED, AND USER A GAINS ACCESS TO THE AUTHORIZED\par
FUNCTIONALITIES.\par
24. AN UNAUTHORIZED USER ATTEMPTS TO ACCESS A RESTRICTED AREA. ACCESS\par
CONTROL MECHANISMS PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS AND LOG THE\par
ATTEMPTED BREACH.\par
25. USER A LOGS IN FROM A NEW DEVICE. DEVICE INFORMATION IS UPDATED IN THE\par
DEVICE MANAGEMENT MODULE, AND ADDITIONAL VERIFICATION STEPS MAY BE\par
TRIGGERED.\par
26. USER B LOGS OUT OF ALL DEVICES. ACTIVE SESSIONS ON ALL DEVICES ARE\par
TERMINATED, AND DEVICE MANAGEMENT RECORDS ARE UPDATED.\par
27. USER A CHOOSES TO LOG IN WITH GOOGLE CREDENTIALS. USER A'S GOOGLE\par
AUTHENTICATION DETAILS ARE SECURELY INTEGRATED INTO THE PAYTM USER\par
DATABASE.\par
28. USER B OPTS TO SHARE PAYMENT DETAILS ON SOCIAL MEDIA. THE SOCIAL MEDIA\par
INTEGRATION MODULE PROCESSES THE REQUEST AND SECURELY SHARES\par
PAYMENT INFORMATION.\par
29. AN EXTERNAL SERVICE INITIATES A PAYMENT REQUEST THROUGH PAYTM API.\par
THE PAYMENT PROCESSING MODULE RECEIVES AND PROCESSES THE API\par
REQUEST, UPDATING TRANSACTION RECORDS.\par
30. AN EXTERNAL APPLICATION REQUESTS USER A'S TRANSACTION HISTORY\par
THROUGH PAYTM API. THE API RETRIEVES TRANSACTION HISTORY DATA AND\par
SECURELY TRANSMITS IT TO THE EXTERNAL APPLICATION.\par
31. AN INVALID PAYMENT REQUEST IS RECEIVED. THE PAYMENT PROCESSING\par
MODULE LOGS THE ERROR AND SENDS AN APPROPRIATE ERROR RESPONSE TO\par
THE REQUESTER.\par
32. DATABASE CONNECTION FAILURE OCCURS DURING A TRANSACTION. THE\par
SYSTEM LOGS THE ERROR, TRIGGERS APPROPRIATE ERROR HANDLING\par
MECHANISMS, AND NOTIFIES ADMINISTRATORS.\par
33. USER A LOGS IN. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE LOGIN EVENT, RECORDING RELEVANT\par
DETAILS SUCH AS USER, TIMESTAMP, AND IP ADDRESS.\par
34. USER B COMPLETES A PAYMENT. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE PAYMENT EVENT,\par
CAPTURING DETAILS LIKE TRANSACTION ID, AMOUNT, AND USER INFORMATION.\par
35. USER A COMPLETES A TRANSACTION. THE EMAIL NOTIFICATION MODULE IS\par
TRIGGERED, SENDING A TRANSACTION CONFIRMATION EMAIL TO USER A.\par
36. USER B REGISTERS, AND AN EMAIL VERIFICATION LINK IS SENT. USER B CLICKS\par
THE VERIFICATION LINK, AND THE EMAIL VERIFICATION MODULE UPDATES THE\par
USER'S STATUS IN THE DATABASE.\par
37. USER A COMPLETES A PAYMENT. THE SMS NOTIFICATION MODULE SENDS A\par
PAYMENT CONFIRMATION MESSAGE TO USER A'S REGISTERED PHONE NUMBER.\par
38. USER B INITIATES A TRANSACTION AND RECEIVES AN OTP VIA SMS. USER B\par
ENTERS THE OTP, AND THE SMS VALIDATION MODULE VERIFIES THE\par
TRANSACTION.\par
39. USER A LINKS A BANK ACCOUNT TO THEIR PAYTM WALLET. THE BANK\par
INTEGRATION MODULE SECURELY COMMUNICATES WITH THE BANK SYSTEM TO\par
VERIFY AND LINK THE ACCOUNT.\par
40. USER B INITIATES A BANK TRANSFER FROM THEIR PAYTM WALLET. THE BANK\par
INTEGRATION MODULE PROCESSES THE TRANSFER REQUEST, AND THE BANK\par
SYSTEM UPDATES THE ACCOUNT BALANCES.\par
41. USER A MAKES A PURCHASE ON AN EXTERNAL WEBSITE USING PAYTM. THE\par
MERCHANT INTEGRATION MODULE PROCESSES THE PAYMENT REQUEST AND\par
UPDATES THE TRANSACTION STATUS.\par
42. USER B REQUESTS A REFUND FROM A MERCHANT. THE MERCHANT INTEGRATION\par
MODULE COMMUNICATES WITH PAYTM'S REFUND SYSTEM TO PROCESS THE\par
REFUND.\par
43. USER A UPDATES PROFILE INFORMATION CONTAINING SENSITIVE DATA. THE DATA\par
ENCRYPTION MODULE ENCRYPTS THE SENSITIVE INFORMATION BEFORE STORING\par
IT IN THE DATABASE.\par
44. USER B INITIATES A PAYMENT. PAYMENT DETAILS ARE SECURELY TRANSMITTED\par
USING ENCRYPTION PROTOCOLS BETWEEN THE USER INTERFACE AND THE\par
PAYMENT PROCESSING MODULE.\par
45. USER A SUCCESSFULLY LOGS IN. THE AUTHENTICATION MODULE GENERATES\par
AND SENDS AN AUTHENTICATION TOKEN TO THE USER'S DEVICE.\par
46. AN EXTERNAL SERVICE REQUESTS DATA THROUGH THE API. THE API VALIDATES\par
THE REQUEST USING AN ACCESS TOKEN, ENSURING SECURE ACCESS TO\par
AUTHORIZED DATA.\par
47. SIMULATE A HIGH VOLUME OF USER REGISTRATIONS. THE USER REGISTRATION\par
MODULE EFFICIENTLY PROCESSES A LARGE NUMBER OF REGISTRATION\par
REQUESTS WITHOUT PERFORMANCE DEGRADATION.\par
48. SIMULATE A HIGH NUMBER OF CONCURRENT PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS. THE\par
PAYMENT PROCESSING MODULE HANDLES CONCURRENT TRANSACTIONS WHILE\par
MAINTAINING ACCEPTABLE RESPONSE TIMES.\par
49. SIMULATE A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN TRANSACTION VOLUME. THE DATABASE\par
SYSTEM SCALES TO HANDLE THE INCREASED LOAD WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT\par
PERFORMANCE IMPACT.\par
50. EXECUTE A QUERY THAT RETRIEVES DATA FOR A LARGE NUMBER OF USERS. THE\par
DATABASE SYSTEM EFFICIENTLY PROCESSES THE QUERY AND RETURNS RESULTS\par
WITHIN ACCEPTABLE RESPONSE TIMES.\par
51. INITIATE A SCHEDULED BACKUP OF THE USER AND TRANSACTION DATABASES.\par
THE BACKUP SYSTEM CREATES A SECURE COPY OF THE DATABASES FOR\par
DISASTER RECOVERY.\par
52. SIMULATE A DATABASE FAILURE AND INITIATE DATA RESTORATION. THE SYSTEM\par
RESTORES DATA FROM BACKUPS, ENSURING MINIMAL DATA LOSS.\par
53. SIMULATE A FAILURE OF THE PRIMARY SERVER. THE SYSTEM SEAMLESSLY\par
SWITCHES TO A REDUNDANT SERVER, MAINTAINING CONTINUITY WITHOUT USER\par
IMPACT.\par
54. SIMULATE A TEMPORARY FAILURE IN THE PRIMARY PAYMENT GATEWAY. THE\par
SYSTEM SWITCHES TO A REDUNDANT PAYMENT GATEWAY TO PROCESS\par
TRANSACTIONS WITHOUT DISRUPTION.\par
55. USER A REQUESTS THE DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA. THE SYSTEM COMPLIES\par
WITH DATA PRIVACY REGULATIONS, DELETES THE REQUESTED DATA, AND SENDS\par
A CONFIRMATION TO THE USER.\par
56. CONDUCT A COMPLIANCE CHECK TO ENSURE ADHERENCE TO GDPR\par
REQUIREMENTS. THE SYSTEM DEMONSTRATES COMPLIANCE WITH GDPR\par
REGULATIONS, PROTECTING USER PRIVACY AND DATA RIGHTS.\par
57. GENERATE A TRANSACTION REPORT FOR SUBMISSION TO REGULATORY\par
AUTHORITIES. THE REPORTING MODULE COMPILES AND SECURELY TRANSMITS\par
TRANSACTION DATA AS REQUIRED BY REGULATIONS.\par
58. SIMULATE A COMPLIANCE AUDIT AND REVIEW THE SYSTEM'S AUDIT LOGS. THE\par
SYSTEM'S AUDIT LOGS PROVIDE A COMPREHENSIVE RECORD OF USER\par
ACTIVITIES, AIDING IN COMPLIANCE AUDITS.\par
59. DEVELOPERS COMMIT CODE CHANGES TO THE VERSION CONTROL SYSTEM. THE\par
CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION SERVER DETECTS CHANGES, TRIGGERS AUTOMATED\par
TESTS, AND DEPLOYS THE UPDATED APPLICATION IF TESTS PASS.\par
60. INTEGRATE NEW AUTOMATED TESTS INTO THE CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION\par
PIPELINE. THE CONTINUOUS INTEGRATION SYSTEM INCORPORATES NEW TESTS,\par
ENSURING COMPREHENSIVE TEST COVERAGE WITH EACH CODE UPDATE.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 REALTIME EXAMPLE-GOIBIBO\par
\ulnone\fs24 TEST SCENARIOS:\b0\fs22\par
61. USER ENTERS REGISTRATION DETAILS (NAME, EMAIL, PASSWORD). USER DATA IS\par
PROCESSED, STORED IN THE USER DATABASE, AND AN AUTHENTICATION TOKEN\par
IS GENERATED.\par
62. REGISTERED USER PROVIDES LOGIN CREDENTIALS. THE AUTHENTICATION\par
MODULE VERIFIES CREDENTIALS, GENERATES AN AUTHENTICATION TOKEN, AND\par
SENDS IT TO THE USER INTERFACE.\par
63. USER LOGS IN USING SOCIAL MEDIA CREDENTIALS. SOCIAL MEDIA\par
AUTHENTICATION DETAILS ARE SECURELY INTEGRATED INTO THE GOIBIBO USER\par
DATABASE.\par
64. USER SEARCHES FOR A FLIGHT, SELECTS A SEAT, AND COMPLETES THE BOOKING.\par
BOOKING DETAILS ARE SENT TO THE FLIGHT BOOKING MODULE, PROCESSED,\par
AND CONFIRMED. EMAIL AND SMS NOTIFICATIONS ARE SENT TO THE USER.\par
65. USER SEARCHES FOR A HOTEL, SELECTS A ROOM, AND CONFIRMS THE\par
RESERVATION. HOTEL RESERVATION DETAILS ARE TRANSMITTED TO THE HOTEL\par
BOOKING MODULE, PROCESSED, AND A CONFIRMATION IS SENT TO THE USER.\par
66. USER INITIATES A PAYMENT FOR A FLIGHT BOOKING. PAYMENT DETAILS ARE SENT\par
TO THE PAYMENT PROCESSING MODULE, AND A PAYMENT REQUEST IS\par
FORWARDED TO THE PAYMENT GATEWAY.\par
67. USER INITIATES A PAYMENT FOR A HOTEL RESERVATION. HOTEL PAYMENT\par
DETAILS ARE PROCESSED BY THE PAYMENT MODULE, AND A PAYMENT REQUEST\par
IS SENT TO THE PAYMENT GATEWAY.\par
68. USER INITIATES A PASSWORD CHANGE. THE PASSWORD CHANGE REQUEST IS\par
PROCESSED, AND THE UPDATED PASSWORD IS STORED SECURELY IN THE USER\par
DATABASE.\par
69. USER REQUESTS A PASSWORD RESET. A PASSWORD RESET LINK IS SENT VIA\par
EMAIL, AND THE NEW PASSWORD IS SECURELY UPDATED IN THE USER DATABASE.\par
70. USER MODIFIES PROFILE INFORMATION PROFILE UPDATES ARE SENT TO THE USER\par
PROFILE MANAGEMENT MODULE AND STORED IN THE USER DATABASE.\par
71. USER LINKS ADDITIONAL SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS TO THEIR GOIBIBO PROFILE.\par
SOCIAL MEDIA LINKAGE DETAILS ARE PROCESSED AND SECURELY INTEGRATED\par
INTO THE USER PROFILE.\par
72. ADMIN GRANTS SPECIAL ACCESS RIGHTS TO A USER. ACCESS CONTROL DETAILS\par
ARE UPDATED, AND THE USER GAINS ACCESS TO AUTHORIZED FUNCTIONALITIES.\par
73. AN UNAUTHORIZED USER ATTEMPTS TO ACCESS A RESTRICTED AREA. ACCESS\par
CONTROL MECHANISMS PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS AND LOG THE\par
ATTEMPTED BREACH.\par
74. USER COMPLETES A BOOKING. THE EMAIL NOTIFICATION MODULE IS TRIGGERED,\par
SENDING A BOOKING CONFIRMATION EMAIL TO THE USER.\par
75. A NEW USER REGISTERS, AND AN EMAIL VERIFICATION LINK IS SENT. THE USER\par
CLICKS THE VERIFICATION LINK, AND THE EMAIL VERIFICATION MODULE\par
UPDATES THE USER'S STATUS IN THE DATABASE.\par
76. USER COMPLETES A BOOKING. THE SMS NOTIFICATION MODULE SENDS A\par
BOOKING CONFIRMATION MESSAGE TO THE USER'S REGISTERED PHONE NUMBER.\par
77. USER INITIATES A PAYMENT AND RECEIVES AN OTP VIA SMS. USER ENTERS THE\par
OTP, AND THE SMS VALIDATION MODULE VERIFIES THE TRANSACTION.\par
78. USER INITIATES PAYMENT FOR A FLIGHT. THE PAYMENT PROCESSING MODULE\par
COMMUNICATES WITH THE PAYMENT GATEWAY, PROCESSES THE TRANSACTION,\par
AND UPDATES BOOKING STATUS.\par
79. USER INITIATES PAYMENT FOR A HOTEL RESERVATION. THE PAYMENT MODULE\par
COMMUNICATES WITH THE PAYMENT GATEWAY, PROCESSES THE TRANSACTION,\par
AND UPDATES THE RESERVATION STATUS.\par
80. SIMULATE A HIGH NUMBER OF CONCURRENT FLIGHT BOOKING REQUESTS. THE\par
FLIGHT BOOKING MODULE EFFICIENTLY HANDLES CONCURRENT REQUESTS\par
WITHOUT PERFORMANCE DEGRADATION.\par
81. SIMULATE A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN HOTEL SEARCH QUERIES. THE HOTEL\par
SEARCH MODULE SCALES TO HANDLE THE INCREASED\par
82. USER A MODIFIES CONTACT INFORMATION. PROFILE UPDATES ARE SENT TO THE\par
USER PROFILE MANAGEMENT MODULE AND STORED SECURELY.\par
83. USER B ADDS TRAVEL PREFERENCES TO THEIR PROFILE. TRAVEL PREFERENCES\par
ARE INTEGRATED INTO THE USER PROFILE, ENHANCING USER-SPECIFIC\par
RECOMMENDATIONS.\par
84. USER A ENTERS FLIGHT DETAILS FOR A SEARCH. SEARCH DATA IS PROCESSED BY\par
THE SEARCH MODULE, AND RELEVANT FLIGHT OPTIONS ARE DISPLAYED.\par
85. USER B FILTERS SEARCH RESULTS BASED ON PREFERENCES (E.G., NON-STOP\par
FLIGHTS). FILTERED SEARCH PREFERENCES ARE PROCESSED, AND UPDATED\par
RESULTS ARE PRESENTED TO THE USER.\par
86. USER A ENTERS HOTEL DETAILS FOR A SEARCH. SEARCH DATA IS PROCESSED BY\par
THE SEARCH MODULE, AND RELEVANT HOTEL OPTIONS ARE DISPLAYED.\par
87. USER B LOGS IN, AND THE RECOMMENDATION ENGINE SUGGESTS HOTELS BASED\par
ON PAST BOOKINGS. THE RECOMMENDATION ENGINE PROCESSES USER HISTORY,\par
PROVIDING PERSONALIZED HOTEL RECOMMENDATIONS.\par
88. USER A COMPLETES PAYMENT USING A CREDIT CARD. THE PAYMENT GATEWAY\par
SECURELY COMMUNICATES WITH THE BANK TO PROCESS THE CREDIT CARD\par
TRANSACTION.\par
89. USER B CHOOSES DIFFERENT PAYMENT GATEWAYS FOR SEPARATE\par
TRANSACTIONS. THE SYSTEM HANDLES MULTIPLE PAYMENT GATEWAYS FOR\par
DIFFERENT TRANSACTIONS WITHOUT DATA CONFLICTS.\par
90. USER A BOOKS A FLIGHT WITH A PARTNER AIRLINE. DATA IS INTEGRATED WITH\par
THE PARTNER AIRLINE'S SYSTEM, ENSURING A SEAMLESS BOOKING EXPERIENCE.\par
91. USER B BOOKS A HOTEL WITH A CHAIN PARTNER. DATA IS TRANSMITTED TO THE\par
HOTEL CHAIN'S SYSTEM FOR BOOKING CONFIRMATION.\par
92. USER A BOOKS A FLIGHT, AND THE BOOKING DETAILS ARE TRANSMITTED.\par
BOOKING DETAILS ARE ENCRYPTED DURING TRANSMISSION, ENSURING DATA\par
SECURITY.\par
93. AN EXTERNAL SERVICE REQUESTS USER DATA THROUGH THE API. THE API\par
VALIDATES THE REQUEST USING SECURE ACCESS PROTOCOLS, PREVENTING\par
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS.\par
94. USER A REQUESTS THE DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA. THE SYSTEM COMPLIES\par
WITH GDPR REGULATIONS, DELETING THE REQUESTED DATA AND CONFIRMING\par
WITH THE USER.\par
95. USER B CONFIGURES PRIVACY SETTINGS TO CONTROL DATA SHARING. PRIVACY\par
SETTINGS ARE PROCESSED, AND DATA SHARING IS ADJUSTED ACCORDING TO\par
USER PREFERENCES.\par
96. AN INVALID PAYMENT REQUEST IS RECEIVED. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE ERROR,\par
NOTIFIES ADMINISTRATORS, AND PROVIDES AN APPROPRIATE ERROR RESPONSE.\par
97. USER B ENCOUNTERS AN ERROR DURING A SEARCH. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE\par
ERROR, PROVIDES A USER-FRIENDLY ERROR MESSAGE, AND OFFERS ASSISTANCE\par
OPTIONS.\par
98. USER A COMPLETES A FLIGHT BOOKING. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE BOOKING EVENT,\par
RECORDING RELEVANT DETAILS SUCH AS USER, TIMESTAMP, AND BOOKING\par
INFORMATION.\par
99. USER B COMPLETES A PAYMENT TRANSACTION. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE PAYMENT\par
EVENT, CAPTURING DETAILS LIKE TRANSACTION ID, AMOUNT, AND USER\par
INFORMATION.\par
100. USER A USES THE GOIBIBO MOBILE APP TO SEARCH FOR AND BOOK A FLIGHT.\par
THE MOBILE APP SENDS THE BOOKING DETAILS TO THE SERVER, AND THE\par
BOOKING IS PROCESSED AS EXPECTED.\par
101. USER B ENABLES PUSH NOTIFICATIONS ON THE MOBILE APP. THE MOBILE APP\par
SENDS PUSH NOTIFICATIONS FOR BOOKING CONFIRMATIONS, UPDATES, OR\par
RELEVANT PROMOTIONS.\par
102. USER A COMPLETES A HOTEL BOOKING AND CHOOSES TO PAY USING A MOBILE\par
WALLET. THE MOBILE PAYMENT INTEGRATION SECURELY PROCESSES THE\par
TRANSACTION AND UPDATES THE BOOKING STATUS.\par
103. USER B OPTS TO PAY FOR A FLIGHT USING UPI (UNIFIED PAYMENTS\par
INTERFACE) THROUGH THE MOBILE APP. THE UPI PAYMENT INTEGRATION\par
PROCESSES THE TRANSACTION, AND THE BOOKING IS CONFIRMED.\par
104. USER A CONFIGURES TRAVEL PREFERENCES (SEAT PREFERENCES, MEAL\par
CHOICES) ON THE MOBILE APP. PREFERENCES ARE SENT TO THE SERVER AND\par
STORED, PROVIDING A PERSONALIZED EXPERIENCE FOR FUTURE BOOKINGS.\par
105. USER A BOOKS A HOTEL WITHIN THE MOBILE APP AND COMPLETES THE\par
PAYMENT. IN-APP PAYMENT DETAILS ARE SECURELY TRANSMITTED TO THE\par
PAYMENT GATEWAY, AND THE BOOKING IS CONFIRMED.\par
106. USER B OPTS TO USE A MOBILE WALLET FOR IN-APP PAYMENT. THE MOBILE\par
APP SECURELY INTERFACES WITH THE MOBILE WALLET API TO PROCESS THE\par
PAYMENT.\par
107. USER A ACCESSES GOIBIBO USING THE GOOGLE CHROME BROWSER. THE\par
WEBSITE FUNCTIONS SEAMLESSLY WITHOUT ERRORS ON THE CHROME\par
BROWSER.\par
108. USER B ACCESSES GOIBIBO USING THE SAFARI BROWSER. THE WEBSITE\par
MAINTAINS COMPATIBILITY AND FUNCTIONALITY ON THE SAFARI BROWSER.\par
109. USER A BOOKS A FLIGHT USING THE DESKTOP VERSION OF GOIBIBO. THE\par
DESKTOP VERSION PROVIDES A USER-FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE WITH FULL\par
FUNCTIONALITY.\par
110. USER B USES A TABLET TO ACCESS GOIBIBO. THE TABLET INTERFACE IS\par
RESPONSIVE, AND ALL FEATURES ARE ACCESSIBLE.\par
111. MULTIPLE USERS INITIATE FLIGHT SEARCHES SIMULTANEOUSLY. THE SYSTEM\par
EFFICIENTLY HANDLES CONCURRENT SEARCHES WITHOUT PERFORMANCE\par
DEGRADATION.\par
112. SIMULATE A HIGH TRAFFIC PERIOD, SUCH AS DURING A TRAVEL SALE. THE\par
SYSTEM MAINTAINS RESPONSIVENESS AND HANDLES THE INCREASED LOAD\par
EFFECTIVELY.\par
113. SIMULATE A SCENARIO WHERE MULTIPLE USERS BOOK FLIGHTS AT THE SAME\par
TIME. THE BOOKING SYSTEM PROCESSES CONCURRENT BOOKINGS WITHOUT\par
DELAYS.\par
114. SIMULATE A PEAK PERIOD FOR HOTEL BOOKINGS. THE HOTEL BOOKING\par
SYSTEM HANDLES THE INCREASED VOLUME EFFICIENTLY.\par
115. USER A MAKES MULTIPLE RAPID SUCCESSIVE PAYMENTS WITHIN THE MOBILE\par
APP. PAYMENTS ARE PROCESSED QUICKLY, AND THE APP MAINTAINS\par
RESPONSIVENESS.\par
116. SIMULATE A HIGH VOLUME OF CONCURRENT PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS. THE\par
PAYMENT PROCESSING SYSTEM HANDLES THE LOAD, AND PAYMENT PROCESSING\par
TIMES REMAIN CONSISTENT.\par
117. USER A ACCESSES GOIBIBO FROM A MOBILE DEVICE WITH A SMALL SCREEN.\par
THE WEBSITE OR APP IS RESPONSIVE, PROVIDING A USER-FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE\par
ON A MOBILE SCREEN.\par
118. USER B ACCESSES GOIBIBO FROM A SMART TV. THE INTERFACE IS ADAPTED\par
FOR LARGER SCREENS, PROVIDING A SEAMLESS EXPERIENCE ON SMART TVS.\par
119. SIMULATE A USER WITH VISUAL IMPAIRMENT USING SCREEN READER\par
SOFTWARE. GOIBIBO'S WEBSITE OR APP SHOULD BE ACCESSIBLE, PROVIDING\par
RELEVANT INFORMATION THROUGH SCREEN READER COMPATIBILITY.\par
120. SIMULATE A USER WITH MOTOR IMPAIRMENT USING KEYBOARD NAVIGATION.\par
GOIBIBO'S WEBSITE OR APP SHOULD BE NAVIGABLE AND USABLE THROUGH\par
KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28 REALTIME EXAMPLE-IRCTC\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 TEST SCENARIOS:\b0\fs22\par
121. USER A ENTERS REGISTRATION DETAILS (NAME, EMAIL, PASSWORD). USER\par
DATA IS PROCESSED, STORED IN THE USER DATABASE, AND A CONFIRMATION\par
EMAIL/SMS IS SENT.\par
122. USER B REGISTERS USING AADHAR CARD DETAILS. USER B'S AADHAR DETAILS\par
ARE SECURELY INTEGRATED INTO THE IRCTC USER DATABASE.\par
123. USER A PROVIDES LOGIN CREDENTIALS. THE AUTHENTICATION MODULE\par
VERIFIES CREDENTIALS, GENERATES A SESSION TOKEN, AND ALLOWS ACCESS TO\par
USER FUNCTIONALITIES.\par
124. USER B USES BIOMETRIC AUTHENTICATION (FINGERPRINT, FACE\par
RECOGNITION). THE BIOMETRIC AUTHENTICATION MODULE VALIDATES THE USER\par
AND GENERATES A SECURE SESSION TOKEN.\par
125. USER A SEARCHES FOR AND BOOKS A TRAIN TICKET. TICKET DETAILS ARE\par
SENT TO THE BOOKING MODULE, AND A CONFIRMATION IS SENT TO THE USER.\par
126. USER B OPTS FOR TATKAL BOOKING. THE TATKAL BOOKING MODULE\par
PROCESSES THE REQUEST, AND THE TICKET IS CONFIRMED OR DENIED BASED ON\par
AVAILABILITY.\par
127. USER A CANCELS A CONFIRMED TRAIN TICKET. THE CANCELLATION MODULE\par
PROCESSES THE REQUEST, UPDATES THE DATABASE, AND INITIATES THE REFUND\par
PROCESS.\par
128. USER B CHECKS THE STATUS OF A REFUND REQUEST. THE REFUND STATUS\par
MODULE RETRIEVES AND DISPLAYS THE CURRENT STATUS OF THE REFUND\par
REQUEST.\par
129. USER A INITIATES A PASSWORD CHANGE. THE PASSWORD CHANGE REQUEST IS\par
PROCESSED, AND THE UPDATED PASSWORD IS STORED SECURELY.\par
130. USER B REQUESTS A PASSWORD RESET. USER B RECEIVES A PASSWORD RESET\par
LINK VIA EMAIL/SMS, AND THE NEW PASSWORD IS SECURELY UPDATED.\par
131. USER A MODIFIES CONTACT INFORMATION. PROFILE UPDATES ARE SENT TO\par
THE USER PROFILE MANAGEMENT MODULE AND STORED SECURELY.\par
132. USER B ADDS PREFERRED BERTH INFORMATION TO THEIR PROFILE. BERTH\par
PREFERENCES ARE INTEGRATED INTO THE USER PROFILE, INFLUENCING FUTURE\par
BOOKING RECOMMENDATIONS.\par
133. USER A COMPLETES THE PAYMENT FOR A TRAIN TICKET. PAYMENT DETAILS\par
ARE SECURELY TRANSMITTED TO THE PAYMENT GATEWAY, AND A PAYMENT\par
CONFIRMATION IS RECEIVED.\par
134. USER B CHOOSES DIFFERENT PAYMENT METHODS FOR SEPARATE BOOKINGS.\par
THE PAYMENT GATEWAY HANDLES MULTIPLE PAYMENT METHODS FOR\par
DIFFERENT BOOKINGS WITHOUT DATA MIX-UPS.\par
135. USER A ADDS MONEY TO THEIR IRCTC WALLET. THE WALLET INTEGRATION\par
MODULE SECURELY PROCESSES THE TRANSACTION, UPDATING THE WALLET\par
BALANCE.\par
136. USER B USES THE IRCTC WALLET TO MAKE A PAYMENT. THE PAYMENT IS\par
PROCESSED THROUGH THE WALLET MODULE, DEDUCTING THE APPROPRIATE\par
AMOUNT FROM THE USER'S WALLET BALANCE.\par
137. ADMIN GRANTS SPECIFIC BOOKING PRIVILEGES TO USER A. ACCESS CONTROL\par
DETAILS ARE UPDATED, AND USER A GAINS ACCESS TO THE AUTHORIZED\par
FUNCTIONALITIES.\par
138. AN UNAUTHORIZED USER ATTEMPTS TO BOOK A TICKET. ACCESS CONTROL\par
MECHANISMS PREVENT UNAUTHORIZED BOOKING AND LOG THE ATTEMPTED\par
BREACH.\par
139. USER A LOGS IN FROM A NEW DEVICE. DEVICE INFORMATION IS UPDATED IN\par
THE DEVICE MANAGEMENT MODULE, AND ADDITIONAL VERIFICATION STEPS\par
MAY BE TRIGGERED.\par
140. USER B LOGS OUT OF ALL DEVICES. ACTIVE SESSIONS ON ALL DEVICES ARE\par
TERMINATED, AND DEVICE MANAGEMENT RECORDS ARE UPDATED.\par
141. USER A CHECKS THE LIVE STATUS OF A TRAIN. THE APPLICATION INTERFACES\par
WITH EXTERNAL SYSTEMS TO PROVIDE REAL-TIME TRAIN INFORMATION.\par
142. USER B EXPLORES INFORMATION ABOUT FACILITIES AT A PARTICULAR\par
RAILWAY STATION. THE APPLICATION RETRIEVES AND DISPLAYS STATION\par
FACILITY DATA FROM EXTERNAL SYSTEMS.\par
143. USER A PLANS A JOURNEY USING THE NATIONAL RAIL PLAN (NRP). THE\par
APPLICATION INTERFACES WITH NRP TO PROVIDE ROUTE OPTIONS AND\par
RELEVANT INFORMATION.\par
144. USER B CHECKS THE FREQUENCY OF TRAINS BETWEEN TWO STATIONS USING\par
NRP. THE APPLICATION COMMUNICATES WITH NRP TO FETCH AND DISPLAY TRAIN\par
FREQUENCY DATA.\par
145. AN INVALID TICKET BOOKING REQUEST IS RECEIVED. THE BOOKING MODULE\par
LOGS THE ERROR, NOTIFIES ADMINISTRATORS, AND PROVIDES AN APPROPRIATE\par
ERROR RESPONSE.\par
146. THE APPLICATION ENCOUNTERS A NETWORK CONNECTIVITY ERROR DURING\par
A TRANSACTION. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE ERROR, TRIGGERS APPROPRIATE ERROR\par
HANDLING MECHANISMS, AND NOTIFIES USERS ABOUT THE ISSUE.\par
147. USER A COMPLETES A TRAIN TICKET BOOKING. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE\par
BOOKING EVENT, RECORDING RELEVANT DETAILS SUCH AS USER, TIMESTAMP,\par
AND BOOKING INFORMATION.\par
148. USER B COMPLETES A PAYMENT TRANSACTION. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE\par
PAYMENT EVENT, CAPTURING DETAILS LIKE TRANSACTION ID, AMOUNT, AND\par
USER INFORMATION.\par
149. AN ADMIN ACCESSES SENSITIVE USER DATA. THE AUDIT TRAIL MODULE LOGS\par
THE ADMIN ACCESS EVENT, RECORDING DETAILS FOR SECURITY AND\par
COMPLIANCE PURPOSES.\par
150. AUDIT TRAIL IS REQUESTED FOR USER B'S RECENT ACTIVITIES. THE SYSTEM\par
GENERATES AN AUDIT TRAIL REPORT, DETAILING USER B'S RECENT ACTIONS\par
WITHIN THE APPLICATION.\par
151. USER A USES THE MOBILE APP TO SEARCH AND BOOK A TRAIN TICKET. THE\par
MOBILE APP SENDS THE BOOKING DETAILS TO THE SERVER, AND THE USER\par
RECEIVES A CONFIRMATION NOTIFICATION.\par
152. USER B IS AT THE STATION, AND THERE'S A PLATFORM CHANGE FOR THEIR\par
TRAIN. THE MOBILE APP RECEIVES REAL-TIME UPDATES AND SENDS A\par
NOTIFICATION TO USER B ABOUT THE PLATFORM CHANGE.\par
153. USER A USES THE IRCTC WALLET WITHIN THE MOBILE APP TO MAKE A\par
PAYMENT. IN-APP PAYMENT DETAILS ARE SECURELY TRANSMITTED TO THE\par
PAYMENT GATEWAY, AND THE BOOKING IS CONFIRMED.\par
154. USER B OPTS TO USE UPI (UNIFIED PAYMENTS INTERFACE) FOR IN-APP\par
PAYMENT. THE MOBILE APP SECURELY INTERFACES WITH THE UPI API TO\par
PROCESS THE PAYMENT.\par
155. USER A ACCESSES IRCTC USING THE GOOGLE CHROME BROWSER. THE\par
WEBSITE FUNCTIONS SEAMLESSLY WITHOUT ERRORS ON THE CHROME\par
BROWSER.\par
156. USER B ACCESSES IRCTC USING THE SAFARI BROWSER. THE WEBSITE\par
MAINTAINS COMPATIBILITY AND FUNCTIONALITY ON THE SAFARI BROWSER.\par
157. USER A BOOKS A TRAIN TICKET USING THE DESKTOP VERSION OF IRCTC. THE\par
DESKTOP VERSION PROVIDES A USER-FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE WITH FULL\par
FUNCTIONALITY.\par
158. USER B USES A TABLET TO ACCESS IRCTC. THE TABLET INTERFACE IS\par
RESPONSIVE, AND ALL FEATURES ARE ACCESSIBLE.\par
159. USER A STARTS THE TRAIN TICKET BOOKING PROCESS WHILE OFFLINE. THE\par
APPLICATION ALLOWS OFFLINE INITIATION, AND THE DATA IS SYNCHRONIZED\par
ONCE THE DEVICE IS BACK ONLINE.\par
160. USER B, AFTER INITIATING THE BOOKING ONLINE, LOSES INTERNET\par
CONNECTIVITY BUT COMPLETES THE BOOKING. THE APPLICATION STORES THE\par
INCOMPLETE BOOKING DATA LOCALLY AND SYNCS IT WITH THE SERVER UPON\par
RECONNECTION.\par
161. MULTIPLE USERS INITIATE TRAIN SEARCHES SIMULTANEOUSLY. THE SYSTEM\par
EFFICIENTLY HANDLES CONCURRENT SEARCHES WITHOUT PERFORMANCE\par
DEGRADATION.\par
162. SIMULATE A HIGH TRAFFIC PERIOD, SUCH AS DURING A FESTIVE SEASON. THE\par
SYSTEM MAINTAINS RESPONSIVENESS AND HANDLES THE INCREASED LOAD\par
EFFECTIVELY.\par
163. SIMULATE A SCENARIO WHERE MULTIPLE USERS BOOK TRAIN TICKETS AT THE\par
SAME TIME. THE BOOKING SYSTEM PROCESSES CONCURRENT BOOKINGS\par
WITHOUT DELAYS.\par
164. SIMULATE A PEAK PERIOD FOR TATKAL TICKET BOOKINGS. THE TATKAL\par
BOOKING SYSTEM HANDLES THE INCREASED VOLUME EFFICIENTLY.\par
165. USER A MAKES MULTIPLE RAPID SUCCESSIVE PAYMENTS WITHIN THE MOBILE\par
APP. PAYMENTS ARE PROCESSED QUICKLY, AND THE APP MAINTAINS\par
RESPONSIVENESS.\par
166. SIMULATE A HIGH VOLUME OF CONCURRENT PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS. THE\par
PAYMENT PROCESSING SYSTEM HANDLES THE LOAD, AND PAYMENT PROCESSING\par
TIMES REMAIN CONSISTENT.\par
167. USER A ACCESSES IRCTC FROM A MOBILE DEVICE WITH A SMALL SCREEN. THE\par
WEBSITE OR APP IS RESPONSIVE, PROVIDING A USER-FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE ON A\par
MOBILE SCREEN.\par
168. USER B ACCESSES IRCTC FROM A SMART TV. THE INTERFACE IS ADAPTED FOR\par
LARGER SCREENS, PROVIDING A SEAMLESS EXPERIENCE ON SMART TVS.\par
169. SIMULATE A USER WITH VISUAL IMPAIRMENT USING SCREEN READER\par
SOFTWARE. IRCTC'S WEBSITE OR APP SHOULD BE ACCESSIBLE, PROVIDING\par
RELEVANT INFORMATION THROUGH SCREEN READER COMPATIBILITY.\par
170. SIMULATE A USER WITH MOTOR IMPAIRMENT USING KEYBOARD NAVIGATION.\par
IRCTC'S WEBSITE OR APP SHOULD BE NAVIGABLE AND USABLE THROUGH\par
KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS.\par
171. AN EXTERNAL APPLICATION SENDS A REQUEST FOR THE SCHEDULE OF A\par
SPECIFIC TRAIN. THE API RETURNS A SUCCESS RESPONSE WITH THE TRAIN\par
SCHEDULE.\par
172. AN EXTERNAL APPLICATION SENDS A REQUEST WITH AN INVALID TRAIN\par
NUMBER. THE API RETURNS AN ERROR RESPONSE INDICATING THE ISSUE WITH\par
THE INPUT.\par
173. AN EXTERNAL SERVICE INITIATES A REQUEST TO CHECK THE PNR STATUS. THE\par
API PROCESSES THE REQUEST, UPDATES THE PNR STATUS, AND RETURNS THE\par
CURRENT STATUS.\par
174. AN EXTERNAL APPLICATION SENDS A REQUEST FOR A PNR THAT HAS EXPIRED.\par
THE API RETURNS A RESPONSE INDICATING THAT THE PROVIDED PNR IS NO\par
LONGER VALID.\par
175. USER A BOOKS A TRAIN TICKET, AND THE BOOKING DETAILS ARE\par
TRANSMITTED. BOOKING DETAILS ARE ENCRYPTED DURING TRANSMISSION,\par
ENSURING DATA SECURITY.\par
176. AN EXTERNAL SERVICE REQUESTS USER DATA THROUGH THE API. THE API\par
VALIDATES THE REQUEST USING SECURE ACCESS PROTOCOLS, PREVENTING\par
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS.\par
177. USER A REQUESTS THE DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA. THE SYSTEM COMPLIES\par
WITH GDPR REGULATIONS, DELETING THE REQUESTED DATA AND CONFIRMING\par
WITH THE USER.\par
178. USER B CONFIGURES PRIVACY SETTINGS TO CONTROL DATA SHARING.\par
PRIVACY SETTINGS ARE PROCESSED, AND DATA SHARING IS ADJUSTED\par
ACCORDING TO USER PREFERENCES.\par
179. USER A ENTERS INVALID SEARCH CRITERIA. THE SYSTEM DISPLAYS A CLEAR\par
ERROR MESSAGE INDICATING THE ISSUE WITH THE INPUT.\par
180. USER B ENCOUNTERS A SESSION TIMEOUT. THE SYSTEM LOGS THE ERROR,\par
PROVIDES A USER-FRIENDLY ERROR MESSAGE, AND OFFERS ASSISTANCE\par
OPTIONS.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs28\par
}
 